1. The term of the Lease commences at 12:00 noon on August 18, 2020 and ends at 12:00 noon on August 18, 2025 (the "Term").
1. Should the Tenant remain in possession of the Premises with the consent of the Landlord after the natural expiration of this Lease, a new tenancy from month to month will be created between the Landlord and the Tenant which will be subject to all the terms and conditions of this Lease but will be terminable upon either party giving one month's notice to the other party.
1. Upon 30 days notice, the Landlord may terminate the tenancy under this Lease if the Tenant has defaulted in the payment of any portion of the Rent when due.
1. Upon 60 days notice, the Landlord may terminate the tenancy under this Lease if the Tenant fails to observe, perform and keep each and every of the covenants, agreements, stipulations, obligations, conditions and other provisions of this Lease to be observed, performed and kept by the Tenant and the Tenant persists in such default beyond the said 60 days notice.
1. Subject to the provisions of this Lease, the Tenant will pay a base rent of $3,500.00 payable per month, for the Premises (the "Base Rent"), without setoff, abatement or deduction. In addition to the Base Rent, the Tenant will pay for any fees or taxes arising from the Tenant's business.
1. The Tenant will pay the Base Rent on or before the 18th of each and every month of the Term to the Landlord.
1. No acceptance by the Landlord of any amount less than the full amount owed will be taken to operate as a waiver by the Landlord for the full amount or in any way to defeat or affect the rights and remedies of the Landlord to pursue the full amount.
1. The Tenant will open the whole of the Premises for business to the public fully fixtured, stocked and staffed on the date of commencement of the Term and throughout the Term, and will continuously occupy and utilize the entire Premises in the active conduct of its business in a reputable manner on such days and during such hours of business as may be determined from time to time by the Landlord.
1. The Tenant covenants that the Tenant will carry on and conduct its business from time to time carried on upon the Premises in such manner as to comply with all statutes, bylaws, rules and regulations of any federal, provincial, municipal or other competent authority and will not do anything on or in the Premises in contravention of any of them.
1. The Landlord covenants that on paying the Rent and performing the covenants contained in this Lease, the Tenant will peacefully and quietly have, hold, and enjoy the Premises for the agreed term.
1. If and whenever the Tenant is in default in payment of any money, whether hereby expressly reserved or deemed as Rent, or any part of the Rent, the Landlord may, without notice or any form of legal process, enter upon the Premises and seize, remove and sell the Tenant's goods, chattels and equipment from the Premises or seize, remove and sell any goods, chattels and equipment at any place to which the Tenant or any other person may have removed them, in the same manner as if they had remained and been distrained upon the Premises, all notwithstanding any rule of law or equity to the contrary, and the Tenant hereby waives and renounces the benefit of any present or future statute or law limiting or eliminating the Landlord's right of distress.
1. If the Tenant continues to occupy the Premises without the written consent of the Landlord after the expiration or other termination of the Term, then, without any further written agreement, the Tenant will be a month-to-month tenant at a minimum monthly rental equal to twice the Base Rent and subject always to all of the other provisions of this Lease insofar as the same are applicable to a month-to-month tenancy and a tenancy from year to year will not be created by implication of law.
1. The Landlord is responsible for the payment of the following utilities and other charges in relation to the Premises: electricity, natural gas, water, sewer, telephone, internet and cable.
1. The Tenant is hereby advised and understands that the personal property of the Tenant is not insured by the Landlord for either damage or loss, and the Landlord assumes no liability for any such loss. The Tenant is advised that, if insurance coverage is desired by the Tenant, the Tenant should inquire of Tenant's insurance agent regarding a Tenant's policy of insurance.
1. Notwithstanding any assignment or sublease, the Tenant will remain fully liable on this Lease and will not be released from performing any of the terms, covenants and conditions of this Lease.
1. If the Lease is assigned or if the Premises or any part of the Premises are sublet or occupied by anyone other than the Tenant, the Landlord may collect rent directly from the assignee, subtenant or occupant, and apply the net amount collected, or the necessary portion of that amount, to the rent owing under this Lease.
1. The Tenant will promptly notify the Landlord of any damage, or of any situation that may significantly interfere with the normal use of the Premises.
1. The Tenant will not make (or allow to be made) any noise or nuisance which, in the reasonable opinion of the Landlord, disturbs the comfort or convenience of other tenants.
1. The Tenant will not keep or have on the Premises any article or thing of a dangerous, flammable, or explosive character that might unreasonably increase the danger of fire on the Premises or that might be considered hazardous by any responsible insurance company.
1. All sums payable by the Tenant to the Landlord pursuant to any provision of this Lease will be deemed to be Additional Rent and will be recoverable by the Landlord as rental arrears.